Now comes the question, how does this geocoding stuff work?
And so to understand that what we're going to do is we're going to create a new service, we're going
to call it location and inside of location, we're going to create a file location that mock thought,
Jess, and that mock file is going to export a certain amount of information from every single city
that we want to get information from.
So it looks a little something like this.
And all this information can be retrieved from the resources folder.
You'll be able to pull it from the pull request.
Now, if you see here, we're doing export control locations.
So these are the locations that we want to have accessible.
And again, the information that is in here strongly mimics what Google would return us so that in the
end we can swap out our API call to work with the Google API.
But the information here is not of the same accuracy as what you would get back from Google, of course.
So over here you can see that for Antwerp it has a results array and in that results array there is
a geometry object.
And in that geometry object there is a location with a long itude latitude and then there is a viewport
object.
Now, both of these objects are equally important.
This will allow us to find the city right, the city that we're trying to get the restaurants for.
And this at a later stage will help us configure our map view in order to render out the location correctly
on the map.
Now that we know that these are our results, what we can do is based on this, we can give it each
result.
A key.
Right.
And the key of the objects is the key of the city, the search term, so to speak.
So we'll have Toronto, Chicago, San Francisco.
And as you can see here, I put a space between San Francisco in order for us to be able to search for
it properly.
Now, when we hit Google, obviously it won't really matter because the search term will go to Google,
but we're hiding the results inside of the object key.
OK, so now we can go ahead and create our location.
That service thought.
Yes.
And this location, that service, that what it's going to do is similar to what the restaurant service
did, but it's going to work a bit different.
So first of all, we're going to get Canalis, we're going to say export consed location request.
And this is going to be a function that does something for us.
And then we're going to do export content, location, transform.
And this is going to transform the request for us.
Right.
I need braces here, curly braces, curly braces, that's what they're called.
I've been struggling to figure out that word for so long.
In any case, the other thing we need is our mock location.
So we'll import locations from locations that mock.
And this will allow us to get our mock locations.
Now, what we need to do is, again, we need to return a promise, so return new promise and then it
gets a resolve and a reject function.
And this will allow us to basically mimic as if we were talking to an API.
So what we'll do is we'll say location mock is equal to locations and we'll of course, what are we
trying to find?
We're trying to find a search term.
That's what we're looking for.
Right.
What are the Antwerp, Brussels or whatever else?
Toronto, Chicago.
So we'll do locations, search term and then we'll say if.
This doesn't have a value.
We're going to reject with saying not found.
And then if it does have a value, we're going to resolve with that value location.
Mark?
OK, so knowing that now what we can do is we can utilize this information to figure out, hey, what
do we need off of this object?
So, for instance, if we were looking at San Francisco, well off of the geometry object, we're going
to need location, latitude and longitude.
So how do we go about that?
Well, in our location transform, we're going to get the result.
And that result is going to be equal to the entirety of this object.
The inner object.
Right, the results.
So how do we go about that?
First of all, we need to figure out how to get geometry location off of result.
So we're going to say CONSED location is equal to result thought results and we're going to say zero
because again, it's an array.
But it only has one value in here, and we're always going to pluck the first value anyways, so we're
going to see a result that results zero.
And then with that, we can console that log location and that basically would give us the following
if we were to log it out, it would give us this object.
So now we know that we need geometry and then location so we can say, well, if I need geometry off
of this.
So if we take geometry off of this and then we we make sure to default it to an object.
What we can do here is we can say get lap and get Lange off of geometry, that location, so this becomes
like a very nested procedure.
Now we have to say, OK, consed latitude longitude is equal to geometry.
Thought location.
And then what we need to do is we need to return that Laerte and langue, and that's going to give us
the ability to have the last line of what we're trying to get here.
OK, so now that we have both of these, while there's one more thing we need to do.
Right.
And basically we need to catalyze the results.
So let's go ahead and wrap result.
That results.
Inside of camels, and then we'll pluck zero off of it and what that will do is basically like, for
instance, if there was any information in here that was poorly formatted, which it doesn't seem to
have, all of the information in here seems to be completely legit.
And it shouldn't have to do anything.
It would fix it up.
But just in case, maybe the ABI would add something later on by chance.
That wasn't camel case.
We still want to wrap it with camels just to make sure that everything comes back so we can see const
formatted response is equal to camels results.
Let's do it like this and then we can do formatted response and then dot results and that way.
OK, so this is looking all right now that we have this now in the next video, we need to look at how
we're going to integrate this into the holistic infrastructure.
Right.
We don't have a context for this yet.
So let's look at that in the next video.